Remove non-OSS GraphQL, INI, TOML, Perforce syntax highlighting. (#14456)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

> - Due to [a licensing issue](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/13933), syntax highlighting for GraphQL, INI, TOML, and Perforce files has been removed. We plan to [add it back in the future](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+add+syntax+highlighting+for+develop+a+).

Author: ```suggestion
- Syntax highlighting for GraphQL, INI, TOML, and Perforce files has been removed [due to incompatible/absent licenses](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/13933). We plan to [add it back in the future](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+add+syntax+highlighting+for+develop+a+).
```
